Oh, how could you?
Kristen, this is not what it looks like.
You're Majesty, I'm your fiancée.
Why care about Kristen with no royal blood?
Enough! And if you ever dare to enter my offices again,
I'll have you thrown into prison according to the law.
I'm destined to be the Queen.
Kristen, at least let me explain.
What's explained? I saw you two together, you were into her!
Look, if you like her, just let me know, okay?
I can accept it. I'll leave the palace right now.
It's not like that, Kristen. She came on to me first.
Look, just give me some time with Anna, okay? Now I will fix this.
I'm just an ordinary werewolf without a noble blood, and I'm not worthy of you.
Kristen, just leave me alone.
Oh, we need better football for things to calm down.